This section is about DOM manipulation with JavaScript.
So up until this point,
we have only talked about the language itself,
but never about how we can actually use JavaScript
in the browser to make it interact with the webpage.
And that's why, in this section,
we're gonna build our very first small project together.
And this project is a very simple but fun game
that we can play in our browser.
So it's basically just a HTML webpage that is gonna track
with the JavaScript code that we'll be writing.
So, you will learn a ton of new stuff,
and of course, you will also use some
of the concepts that you've learned so far.
So let's go have some fun with this project now!
(playful music)